Polars benchmarks methods (#424)
audeering/audb: benchmarks/README.md

| Dependencies._update_media()                    |    0.087 |    0.086 |     0.145 |
| Dependencies._update_media_version(10000 files) |    0.011 |    0.011 |     0.020 |

## audb.Dependencies methods using polars

> Pyarrow was further  compared to a reimplenentation  of the dependency
> module  by  monkeypatching using  the  polars  dataframe engine.   All
> methods of `audb.Dependencies` were reimplemented using `polars`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Handling of the dependency table with `pandas`
was further compared to handling it with `polars`,
by reimplementing all methods of `audb.Dependencies` using `polars`.
```

> * CPU: 12th Gen Intel Core i7-1255U
> * RAM: 15.66 GB
> * Hard Drive: KBG5AZNT1T02 LA KIOXIA
> * Linux: Ubuntu 22.04.4 LTS
> * Python 3.11.9

Reviewer: This benchmark was executed on:

```suggestion
* CPU: 12th Gen Intel Core i7-1255U
* RAM: 15.66 GB
* Hard Drive: KBG5AZNT1T02 LA KIOXIA
* Linux: Ubuntu 22.04.4 LTS
* Python 3.11.9
```

To run the benchmark execute:

```bash
$ python benchmark-dependencies-methods-polars.py
```

The data were compared to
the results from `benchmark-dependencies-methods.py` using

```bash
python compare_dependency_methods_polars.py
```
Both steps require that `benchmark-dependencies-methods.py`
has been run previously in order to create the test data
and results.

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a sentence here which of the three previous methods from the table before is referred to by `pandas`. I guess `pyarrow`?

I would stick with the name `pandas` in the table as this is what we are comparing against.

Author: I have added a sentence that mentions that the `pyarrow` column is the relevant comparison in the previous table.

Reviewer: Thanks.

| method                                          |   pandas |   polars | winner   |   factor |
|-------------------------------------------------|----------|----------|----------|----------|

> | Dependencies.__call__()                         |    0.000 |    0.000 | polars   |    2.667 |
> | Dependencies.__contains__(10000 files)          |    0.003 |    0.002 | polars   |    2.005 |
> | Dependencies.__get_item__(10000 files)          |    0.648 |    0.013 | polars   |   50.382 |
> | Dependencies.__len__()                          |    0.000 |    0.000 | pandas   |    1.300 |
> | Dependencies.__str__()                          |    0.004 |    0.000 | polars   |   24.677 |

Reviewer: To have a nicer rendering in markdown:

```suggestion
| Dependencies.\_\_call__()                         |    0.000 |    0.000 | polars   |    2.667 |
| Dependencies.\_\_contains__(10000 files)          |    0.003 |    0.002 | polars   |    2.005 |
| Dependencies.\_\_get_item__(10000 files)          |    0.648 |    0.013 | polars   |   50.382 |
| Dependencies.\_\_len__()                          |    0.000 |    0.000 | pandas   |    1.300 |
| Dependencies.\_\_str__()                          |    0.004 |    0.000 | polars   |   24.677 |
```

Author: Will this step always requires handcrafting escapes? Or can this be solved programmatically?

Reviewer: I'm sure you can find a way to solve it programmatically, but I'm not sure if it is worth the effort. Maybe there exists an external package that can escape strings for markdown?
